gh-122081: fixed crash in decimal.IEEEContext() (#122082)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-07-21-10-45-24.gh-issue-122081.dNrYMq.rst

> Fixed crash in optional :func:`!decimal.IEEEContext()` function.

Reviewer: We should also document `decimal.IEEEContext` as well but in another PR.

Author: here it's: https://github.com/python/cpython/pull/122003

> Fixed crash in optional :func:`!decimal.IEEEContext()` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a crash in the :func:`!decimal.IEEEContext()` optional function
available via the ``EXTRA_FUNCTIONALITY`` configuration flag.
```

We should also document decimal.IEEEContext and `EXTRA_FUNCTIONALITY` as well but in another PR. Perhaps first document them and then move to your PR.

> Fix a crash in the :func:`!decimal.IEEEContext()` optional function

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fix a crash in the :func:`!decimal.IEEEContext` optional function
```
